Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh Arc V"...
(announcer)
Time to mosey on up
to our next big match‐up,
with newcomer Zuzu Boyle
takingon the legendary Hiro
Chojiro!
Zuzu?
This couldn't
be worse.
No matter who wins,
one of my friends is going to
that underground trash heap
for good.
(Zuzu screaming)
Let's duel!
Mozarta, bring down the house
with your most powerful strain!
Graceful Wave!
I play...
Evasion!
To duck your
monster's attack!
I admire you
for not giving up.
Just what is it
that keeps you going?
I'm sending a message
to someone.
I know
he's feeling pretty down.
But he has to remember
why he duels...
He duels to dueltain!
And I want to remind him,
that for us dueltainers,
it's always showtime!
Agh!
Bloom Diva!
Wrecking Refrain!
(announcer)
It's over!
Zuzu has won
this duel!
You did it, Zuzu.
Way to duel.
Well, Yuya,
I hope this duel makes you
want to swing into action.
Thanks, Zuzu.
You were awesome.
I hope I can be awesome,
just like you are.
♪
♪ Hey hey
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone
anywhere any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Congrats, Zuzu!
I'm proud
of you.
Thing is...
I know your win
should cheer me up.
But how can it?
After all, losing to Jack
is still on my mind
and now Chojiro is, too.
He's been sent
underground!
All because...
he just tried...
to be a friend
when I needed one.
(announcer)
Well, duelin' buckaroos
and buckarettes,
sounds like that last match
has y'all hankerin'
for more
monsters and mayhem!
So I've got some
great news.
There is more!
So sit back in
your saddles
and get ready
for more duelin'!
From yours truly!
C'mon, c'mon,
please let it be me.
Presenting the last match of
the Friendship Cup's first
day,
Tony vs. Celina!
Celina?
Here's hoping she brought her
A‐game,
'cause she'll be facing the
Commons' fast‐rising
superstar,
Tony Zomboni!
Guess they're saving the best
for last‐‐ Lame‐O's!
Oh, well‐‐
Guess I get the day off then.
No problem.
If I'm not dueling, I'll just do
the next best thing.
Get some shuteye and
start maxin' and relaxin'.
Yes!
Tony's one of us Commons!
When he wins, he'll show
those Topsiders
that we're a force
to be reckoned with!
(growling)
You think it should be you
who battles this girl.
Am I right?
Well...
That match will
happen in due time.
You see, if Celina is the
duelist I believe she is,
she'll win this match
and keep winning
all the way to the finals.
And as she rises
in the ranks,
her popularity
will rise as well.
And that's when you will
crush her.
And Jack Atlas afterwards.
For you see,
when we've destroyed the city's
two biggest dueling stars,
the people's hearts
and souls will be crushed.
They won't have the wherewithal
to fight back,
and when
I take over this city,
it will be checkmate.
If Celina loses
this upcoming duel,
she'll meet the same fate
as Gong and Chojiro.
She'll be taken to the garbage
dump underground,
banished
and locked away!
And they call this
the Friendship Cup?!
Well, that's just
a big lie!
You hear me?
Hey!
You have to stop
this tournament now!
Come on, I know that
you're listening!
(announcer)
Yee‐ha!
This may well be
the rootin'est, tootin'est
duel of the day so far!
These two cardslingers aren't
holding anything back!
(crowd roaring)
Right now, Tony's in
the driver's seat!
Will Celina be able to fend
off his frightful fiends?
My turn.
Here goes!
First up...
I play Lunalight Purple
Butterfly!
Next I'm activating
the spell card
Polymerization!
Now I can fuse
Lunalight Cat Dancer
and Lunalight Purple
Butterfly!
By combining the reflexes
of a fierce feline
with the fluttering fury
of a nighttime huntress,
I can create
a new lunar legend!
I Fusion Summon!
Now appear
sleek creature of the night,
and ready those razor‐sharp
claws!
Lunalight Panther Dancer
is on the prowl!
Meow!
That monster's clawpaws are
nothing to sneeze about!
But you know what is?
Being stuck in a room
with that thing!
What?I happen to be allergic
to cats, okay?
So much dander.
Excellent.
Good move, Celina.
You're on your way.
Your Panther's about
to take a permanent cat nap!
I activate Bottomless
Trap Hole!
Wrong‐‐ Panther Dancer
can't be destroyed
by your card's effects.
Toldja she's sleek.
Uh‐oh!
And she's got
more moves than just that.
You see, now you're in
for double trouble!
What's that mean?
Watch and see!
Attack
Archfiend Zombie Skull!
Cataclawsmic
Strike!
You cut my life points
down a bit,
but it seems your Panther's not
allowed to destroy my monsters.
And that's
not good for you!
'Cause I activate
the Equip Spell Zombie Heart!
When Zombie‐Skull battles
a monster that has
more attack points,
you take damage equal
to its attack points,
which is
a whopping 2,500.
That's exactly how many life
points you have left!
In other words,
this duel is over.
You've lost!
Don't think so.
Remember when I said you
were in double trouble?
Well, here it comes!
Whoa!
You don't mean‐‐
Panther Dancer gets
two attacks!
And my Panther can destroy
your monster this time!
And when Panther Dancer
destroys your Zombie‐Skull,
it gains 200
attack points.
Wait, I don't get it.
What good will 200 extra attack
points do Panther Dancer now?
Your cat isn't able
to attack anymore.
But it can.
Panther Dancer doesn't just get
to attack one of your monsters
twice‐‐
She's allowed to attack
all of them twice!
Tony!
(Zuzu) So let 'er
rip, Panther Dancer!
Take down his monsters
and win us this duel!
Celina showed what she can do,
but I gave up my chance.
(announcer)
And we have our winner!
It's Celina!
You go, girl!
Never mind my
cat allergy.
You're "purr‐fect"
in every way!
I can't wait to see
more of your moves!
Yes, indeed,
I can't wait either.
Celina was even more impressive
than I had anticipated.
And just listen to that crowd
of simpletons cheer for her.
Everything is going
according to plan.
Celina!
(announcer)
And that's all, folks!
The first day of dustups at
the Friendship Cup is now
over!
But don't worry, this
rodeo's just revvin' up!
(heavy sigh of relief)
♪ 'Til then! ♪
Remember, our city is one
and we're here to have fun!
All right!
I love it!
Yeah!
Now let's hear it
for the cowgirl
whose play‐by‐play
makes your day!
Let's hear it for ME!
(man)
Thank you for coming,
ladies and gentlemen.
Please don't forget
your belongings.
Have a nice day.
What?
It's because I don't
like cats, isn't it?
This cup's
all about friendship!
Please!
You gotta be
kidding me.
Today wasn't
about friendship.
Friends don't punish
losing duelists
by sending them
to the underground.
That's not what
dueling's about!
Dueling's about putting on a
good show and having a fun time!
At least,
it used to be.
But not around
here.
But what can I do?
It's not like
I can walk away.
And if I don't win
my duels,
then I'm gonna be
sent down there too
just like Gong and
Chojiro and now Tony!
Argh!
And nothing I do or say
will bring my friends back!
This is just the way things are
around here.
The boy's so concerned
with his friends!
What he should be
concerned with is dueling.
If he duels the way
he fought Jack,
he will lose his
next challenge.
Yes, in fact all the challenges
that lay ahead are formidable.
Wouldn't you agree, Declan?
Obviously, but I would say
that after today,
there is more cause
for optimism than concern.
After all, our duelists have
shown a great deal of promise.
I'm not so sure that I agree
with that sentiment.
True, your Lancers
won two matches
but they also suffered
two defeats.
You're hardly convincing us
of your Lancers' abilities.
Correct, Presider?
Who knows?
We'll just have to see how
things unfold tomorrow.
If that's all then,
we'll take our leave
of you now.
What?
Leaving so soon?
But we still have so many
pressing matters to discuss.
Please, Declan, stay just
a bit longer, won't you?
Join us for a meal
and break bread with
our very special guest.
Blast it!
I've gone and
ruined the surprise.
(Declan)
What guest?
Oh, just one of
the very best duelists alive.
Someone who made your Lancer
look like a novice.
Why, I'm not even sure
he wasn't taking it easy on him.
Presenting the one,
the only...
The Master of Faster!
Jack Atlas!
I don't get it.
I'm a headliner,
a box office draw‐‐ I'm Sylvio!
So why wasn't I picked
to duel
on the first day
of the tournament?
I'd have put on a better show
than the clowns they chose!
Don't you know
how to treat your stars?
No, you don't!
And mark my words!
You can't make it up
to me.
I'll hold
this grudge for life!
For all eternity!
Ha!
(bell chiming)
Huh?
(gulping)
Then again, I understand that
mistakes can be made
every once
in a while.
Ahhh...
So I'll forgive you
this one time
and eat this delicious meal
just to be polite, got it?
So... good!
And each bite
gets better!
Yum!
That's to say,
when I remember to chew
and not just swallow
the whole thing down,
but that doesn't happen
very often.
I don't know
what's wrong with me.
I should be happy.
But...
Even with all of this food and
scoring a win today,
I'm simply not.
I guess deep down
I'm still worried about Yuya.
It's funny.
In a duel,
I always know what to do.
But in life,
not so much.
Zuzu and Chojiro
gave it their all
to get me out of my funk
when I lost to Jack...
Your performance was abysmal,
mediocre at best.
And I'm gonna bring the curtain
down on you!
Boy.
Some harsh words, but not as
harsh as what happened next...
I'll never forget it.
I mean,
how could I?
It was awful.
I was trying to put on
a show
but instead
I got put in my place.
But even so, there just has to
be a lesson in there somewhere.
Just wish I knew what it was.
Guess
that's my duel today...
Facing this loss and finding
peace with it,
getting back to being myself
and making my dad proud.
I just hope
I have it in me!
So Jack, you're saying
of all the duelists that
appeared during the first day,
Zuzu Boyle was the best?
That's not what
I'm saying at all.
I'm saying that she had grit and
that's what matters the most.
(woman)
Grit?
How does that make one
a better duelist?
(Jack)
Grit means even if you're not
the best, you can beat the best.
It's not a trait
you can learn.
It's something that you find,
if you're lucky.
So then what you're saying is
that it all comes down to luck.
(Jack, scoffing)
Well, in my experience,
luck is only good
if it doesn't run out.
It's too bad those runners
don't come with training wheels.
I would've enjoyed watching
the pipsqueak participate.
(Declan)
Riley was going to,
but circumstances forced me
to make other arrangements.
The ninja Moon Shadow
dueled in Riley's place,
an interesting decision but I'm
quite sure you had your reasons.
Too bad.
Riley
has the gift.
The gift of grit.
Huh?
What are you
talking about, Jack?
How would you know?
Because I can see it deep
in Riley's eyes.
The little one has
the same look I once did.
You see, I wasn't always
the Master of Faster.
There was a time
when I was cold and lonely.
I was about the age
Riley is now.
So it's true.
I have heard stories
you were once a Common
but I never knew
for sure.
Well, now you do,
Declan.
And being born
in the slums
gave me the opportunity
to find something precious:
The grit I mentioned
before.
That's what
gave me the strength
to fight my way out
of that place.
And I see that same grit
in little Riley's eyes.
Tell me, Declan,
did Riley grow up
in conditions similar to mine?
(Declan)
That's why
you're the master.
Absolutely nothing escapes
your perceptive gaze.
(Presider)
Is that right?
Hmm, and all this time I thought
Riley was your younger brother.
(Declan)
So tell me, Mr. Atlas.
What motivated you to take
the necessary steps
to rise up from
the Commons?
I'm sure Riley
is eager to know.
It is a tale about how chance
fate changed my life forever!
My desire to rise up
came from a single card.
You could say that the winds
of fate brought it to me.
Or it might've been just
a random act of chance.
But whatever it was,
what matters is,
this card entered
my life.
And I could immediately sense
that it was special.
Not necessarily
for what it was,
but for where
it came from,
high in the sky,
above the Commons.
There was no question
in my mind:
the card came
from the Tops.
Did someone accidentally drop
it or simply throw it away?
I didn't know.
But I knew it was meant
to play a role in my life.
So I studied the card
with great care.
NNHowever, it was
quite ordinary.
Not exceptionally powerful
or especially rare,
and that's when it struck me,
like a lightning bolt
more supercharged
than any Duel Runner.
I felt this card wasn't
necessarily for me to use,
but for me to return.
Back to the sky,
to the Tops.
In a way, it was like
a ticket to a better life,
NNbut I would have to do my
partin order to redeem it,
so I slowly began
to hatch a plan
on how
I would do exactly that.
NNI would become the best
duelistto ever battle.
NNThe strongest in all the land!
And so I did.
And earned my place here.
But I'm not the only one
who's not from around here.
I've been told the two of you
are from a whole other world
and are
on your own quest.
If so, allow me to give you
just one piece of advice:
Be gritty!
Huh?
If you've got the stuff, kid,
then don't be afraid
to use it.
'Cause when you do,
there won't be anybody
who'll be able to stop you.
Oh...
(Declan)
I hope you're right,
because the forces
we're going up against
are powerful
indeed...
And we'll need all the help
we can get.
Pardon me, sir, but
I have a letter for you.
Why, this is from
the Director himself!
Greetings, Officer 227.
I have good news.
I plan on
temporarily reinstating you
to your former position
as Duel Chaser.
The job you so cherished will
be yours again.
Of course, there's one
itty‐bitty string attached:
by accepting your
old position,
you also accept
to duel tomorrow.
Your opponent will be
Yuya Sakaki.
I know,
you wish it was Yugo,
NNthe duelist who humiliated
you in your last pursuit.
But I want Yuya
taken down.
And if you're able
to do this,
I'll make your temporary
reinstatement permanent.
Yes!
I knew that this day would come!
I knew the Director would give
me a second chance!
(laughing)
After serving my punishment,
of course.
It's been
the worst experience of my life.
Kicked off the force,
banished down to the Commons,
pursued by the same people
I used to work for.
Being treated like
one of the lowly, no‐good punks
that I used to chase!
I wondered
why they locked me up here!
But now it all
makes sense!
The Director wanted me
where he could find me,
where I could once again prove
my worth!
Oh,
and I will prove it.
I will come at this Yuya with
everything that I am
and earn
back my badge!
And with this card
in my deck,
the long arm of the law
will grab victory!
(laughing)
Dad...
This was your card.
When Mom gave it to me,
she said you thought
that one day
I might need a little help
to get my smile back.
Boy, were you right.
I wish you were here...
You always knew the right thing
to say.
(Dad) Take your
dad's advice, Yuya.
Try to laugh when you feel
like crying.
And when things get tough,
respond with a smile.
It will give you the strength
to keep moving forward!
It's kind of
like a pendulum.
If the pendulum
swings one way,
you know it will swing
the other way, too.
Like in a duel!
The key to dueling is to
believe in your deck...
and yourself.
When you're
falling behind,
you can always make things
swing your way again.
So don't worry
about anything.
Just try to enjoy
the ride.
Try to remember
what I've told you, Yuya.
It may help you someday.
You're right, Dad.
It's time I make things
swing my way again.
So that's
just what I plan on doing.
I'll rise above
my fears!
My doubts!
And remind people that dueling's
about having fun!
Because I'm Yuya Sakaki!
And it's showtime!
♪